com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/MatesListFragmentBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.MatesListFragmentBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/viewModel/MatesListFragmentViewModel.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.viewModel.MatesListFragmentViewModel
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/model/restaurantDetails/RestaurantPlaceIdListWrapper.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantPlaceIdListWrapper
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/view/LoginActivity.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.LoginActivity
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.LoginActivity$1
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/MapsFragmentBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.MapsFragmentBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/MatesFragmentBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.MatesFragmentBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/Go4LunchApp.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.Go4LunchApp
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/view/HungryListFragment.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.HungryListFragment
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/view/HungryContactActivity.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.HungryContactActivity
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/item/HungryItem.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.item.HungryItem
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/view/HomeActivity.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.HomeActivity
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/HungryFragmentBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.HungryFragmentBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/BuildConfig.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.BuildConfig
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/model/restaurantDetails/RestaurantDetailsWrapper.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetailsWrapper
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/view/MatesListFragment.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.MatesListFragment
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/repository/GooglePlaceRepository.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.GooglePlaceRepository
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.GooglePlaceRepository$1
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.GooglePlaceRepository$2
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.GooglePlaceRepository$3
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.GooglePlaceRepository$ResultDetailListener
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.GooglePlaceRepository$ResultListener
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/model/restaurantDetails/RestaurantDetailsPhoto.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetailsPhoto
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/HungryListFragmentBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.HungryListFragmentBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/model/restaurantDetails/RestaurantPlaceIdList.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantPlaceIdList
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/viewModel/HungryContactViewModel.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.viewModel.HungryContactViewModel
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/model/restaurantDetails/RestaurantDetails.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$Geometry
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$Geometry$Location
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$OpeningHours
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$OpeningHours$Period
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$OpeningHours$Period$Close
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$OpeningHours$Period$Open
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.restaurantDetails.RestaurantDetails$Photos
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/service/GooglePlaceApiService.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.service.GooglePlaceApiService
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/databinding/ActivityHungryContactBinding.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.databinding.ActivityHungryContactBinding
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/view/MapsFragment.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.view.MapsFragment
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/model/User.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.model.User
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/viewModel/HomeActivityViewModel.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.viewModel.HomeActivityViewModel
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/data/repository/AuthRepository.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.AuthRepository
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.AuthRepository$1
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.data.repository.AuthRepository$2
com/mdasilva/go4lunch/ui/viewModel/LoginActivityViewModel.java
 com.mdasilva.go4lunch.ui.viewModel.LoginActivityViewModel
